move_on_ and fail_ functions accepts shield kwarg (#3051)
python-trio/trio: newsfragments/3049.feature.rst

> `trio.move_on_at`, `trio.move_on_after`, `trio.fail_at` and `trio.fail_after` now accepts shield as a kwarg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trio.move_on_at`, `trio.move_on_after`, `trio.fail_at` and `trio.fail_after` now accept *shield* as a keyword argument. If specified, it provides an initial value for the `~trio.CancelScope.shield` attribute of the `trio.CancelScope` object created by the context manager.
```
